hey hey hey
trouble your sister stood me up the
other day oh no don't you hate it when
people aren't there for you well did you
try calling her I've been trying for two
days when I called the restaurant they
said she was too busy to talk I can't
believe she's blowing me off
Hey oh um you got a minute
um yeah I'm just working
so uh-huh um I got you a birthday
present
oh wow you remembered Oh Judy Jetson
thermos right like kind of right yeah I
got something for you too how'd you know
I was coming
um yeah um twin thing can't believe you
did this
can't believe you did this
so what's the deal with them you and
Joey oh right he is so great but that's
over does he know who Joey you know um
he's he's really nutsy about you yes why
you got me right excuse me
doesn't this come with a side salad so
um are you gonna call him what you think
he likes me no Joey oh no no he is so
smart he'll figure it out do you want
some chicken
no no food with a face
have not changed oh yeah you too
hey nurse what are you doing here I've
been trying to call you hmm listen um oh
no no no don't say listen I know that
listen I've said that listen
I'm sorry I don't get it
what happened what about everything you
said under the bridge yeah um you know
you should just forget about what I said
under the bridge I was talking crazy
that night I'm so drunk
you don't drink
mmm that's right I don't but I was I was
drunk on you first okay yeah so it's not
gonna work
why is it because I'm friends with
Phoebe if it was would you stop hanging
out with her no no I couldn't do that
um then yeah it's cuz of Phoebe so you
know it's either her or me
then then I'm sorry you know you're
gonna be really really hard to get over
I know I don't know whether it's just
cuz we're breaking up or what but you
have never looked so beautiful
really
Pete yeah
you